well the first thing that strikes you is
that it's very very big it's it's huge
at a glance it immediately evokes sort
of national flags or you know football
strips there's Newcastle you know
there's the Maltese flag up there you
know just purely on a on a very very
basic level I just like the color I like
the shapes like the patterns um you can
see that the paint is applied in a
fairly kind of a slapdash way with a
normal kind of a house painting brush
you can see that that's just like pop
there is energy in that painting there
is passion in that painting bonyen hood
really closely you can you can see her
crew there's a lot of the time you know
you can see that it is applied very kind
of you know loosely and liberally and I
think people like Scully especially make
galleries more accessible for some
people that might make them more
forbidding but for me it makes it more
accessible this is a guy he's very
ordinary guy apparently I don't know an
awful lot about the man but he comes
from a very tough background you know he
was the street fighting man or so the
mythology would would have it what he's
doing is so simple it's so basic it's
just colors and shapes every painting
his colors and shapes I think what
people are intimidated about has not
been able to divine meaning from a
painting but that doesn't bother me in
the slightest because you know I
couldn't really analyze a piece of music
either for that matter I couldn't
sometimes analyze a poem I can't you
know the reason why an artist chooses
this medium a particular an abstract
artist chooses that medium is because he
can't articulate his true feelings if he
could he would presumably there is no
doubt in my mind that that is the way he
sees the world you know you see you see
the world through windows through
doorways
so the world if you live in a city is
arranged in geometric shapes so that's
the way he sees the world so an ordinary
landscape or report it doesn't do it for
him it doesn't say it for him something
has triggered this intelligent man to
attack that wall he attacked that canvas
you can see that you know
but i really really i really like this
and i like the kind of fact that he has
he has thrown out a challenge to the
viewer to me and he said what do you
make it out and you have to come in here
and you have to have a good long look at
it and you have to ask yourself a lot of
questions